# Documentation Fast Blocks Wordpress Plugin

## Block Options:
- `name`: theme namespace with block-slug e.g. `my-theme/my-block`
- `template`: path to the block-template from the theme-directory e.g. `/blocks/template.php` if it is located in 'wp-content/themes/your-theme/blocks/template.php' following variables will be available in your template `$block`
- `[templateRenderCallback]`: function that receives `$template_location, $attributes, $content, $wp_block` and it should output(`echo`) the html code. `$attributes`, `$content` are the same as passed in the original wordpress `render_callback`. Useful if you need to render your template with a template engine.
- `[settings]`: this is the basically the same settings object as in [`wp.blocks.registerBlockType()`](https://developer.wordpress.org/block-editor/reference-guides/block-api/block-registration/) function. Note: `attributes`,`edit` and `save` will be generated by this plugin. 
- `[fields]`: all fields. fields always need a `type`, `input` and `default`. Optionally add a `label` and some specific input options.
- `[editView]`: `inspector` or `popover`.
- `[children]`: This enables nested blocks. Note: preview will be disabled. Children (a.k.a InnerBlocks) can be used with `echo $children` in the templates.
- `[childrenLimit]`: Define a maximum for children blocks.
- `[editWidth]`: Define a width for the block preview (usefull for nested blocks). e.g. `6/12` or `.25`.
- `[preview]`: optionally set it to `false` if the ssr-preview makes any trouble and you just need the interface.
- `[allowTransformFrom]`: Array with similar blocks to transform from. Must have the same attributes to work properly. Example for inner blocks: `['core/group']`